You're becoming quickly becoming more and more popular.
Uh, speaking about political issues in part, do you feel
a burden, like almost like, uh, the,
the prison of your prior convictions of having to
being popular with a certain kind of audience and thereby unable to really
think outside the box.
I had, I've, I've really struggled with this. I came up in right wing media.
I came up a much more doctrinaire conservative in my
professional life. I wasn't always conservative. We can get to that later. Um,
if you want.
And I did feel an immense pressure after
Jan, after the election, by people to say,
wanted me to say the election was stolen.
And I knew I had a sizable part of my audience. Well, here's the benefit.
Most people know me from rising,
which is with crystal and me that is inherently a left right program.
So it's a large audience.
So I felt comfortable.
And I knew that I could still be fine in terms of my numbers, whatever,
because of many people knew me who were on the left. And if, you know,
by right listeners abandoned me.
So be it mm-hmm <affirmative> I was had the luxury available to take that
choice,
but I still felt an immense amount of pressure to say the election was
stolen to give credence to a lot of the stuff that Trump was doing to downplay
January 6th,
to downplay many of the Republican senators or justify many of the Republican
senators,
some of whom I know who objected to the electoral college certification and who
Oaked some of the flames, um, that have eaten the Republican base.
And I just wouldn't do it. And that was hard, man.
Like I feel more politically homeless right now than I ever
have, but I have realized the last couple of months,
that's the best thing that ever happened to me. It's freedom. It's true.
Freedom. I now say, I say exactly what I think.
And it's not that I wasn't doing that before. It's maybe, um,
I would avoid certain topics or like,
I would think about things more from a team perspective of like,
am I making sure that it's, it's, I'm not saying I didn't fight it. And I still,
I C is the right plenty and Trump plenty before the election and more it's more
just like,
I no longer feel as if I even have the illusion of a stake within the
game. Mm-hmm <affirmative>, I'm like,
I only look at myself as an outside observer and I will only call it as
I see it truly. And I, I was aspiring to that before, but I,
I had to have in a way, Trump stopped the steel thing.
It like took my shackles off 100%. Yeah. Cause I was like, no, this is.
And I'm gonna say it's. Yeah. And I think it's bad.
And I think bad for the Republican party.
And if people in the Republican party don't agree with me on that, that's fine.
I'm just not gonna be necessarily like associated with you anymore.